I think it's not a cracked figure.
I told the man who made the start, the bigger Hoover and the testified about 10 total
crowd were in February devoted time.
So he made the 250,000.
I don't believe Mr. Dyson that the husband that dropped us a number of total crowd.
I think it's not a little too further in my time.
The number 25,000 under the year 1954, I assume I'm a map representing the number of the
community in the United States of America, under discipline of Moscow, is derived that from
the testimony of the judgment you refer to Mr. Director of the Federal Bureau of the Federal
Bureau of the Federal Bureau of the Federal Bureau first of all, for the their adult
build with his own caliber and training, but with other personnel in Baker Hall, where
it might not be necessities or emergency institutions in general.
The chief, the murder, the misogynist, did anything necessary on God's earth to make sure
that the Red Comforts they finally control the world.
He's the leading thing that brought the old building to a little McCarthy.
Are you just hopeful to the growth to top of the table and well known?
Mr. Duncan, it's becoming more and more successful during the war years when people were
talking about cooperation with Russia, and as you know, some very fine people.
Thoughts as we could work out peace and have communist nations side by side with our
government, and that time it was much more on the surface, it's going more and more
underground, and how many of the, how much better they had, last number of 25,000 are
undergone at this time.
Because they're not that sneaky, they're zero number, almost difficult to, this is
a start to identify and think out that a communist are communist.
Would like if they're going underground, what would you say about that?
More difficult.
Do you not regard Senator McCarthy as the existence of this underground communist party in the
United States as a constant threat to our formal government that you are an American way
of life?
Mr. Duncan, what's the further?
The way that I, that I'm monitoring myself to make some answers, I have to make you
wrong.
In 1917, you know, I guess it was, the time that it was done, seven devoted communists
in the world, or headed by Nicolai Lamy, seven men, and within 100 days, those seven men
had taken over and enslaved in nation of 180 million people, and those 180 million people
no more wanted to become the foyer than we did.
Seven people, and I we've got twenty-five thousand, and they've got the experience of a good
number of years behind them, so it's a very eminent purchase, day-to-day danger.
What is the purpose of the communist party in the United States, to create a world world
a communist world?
He just told us this government and the form of government, and the changes to that of a communist
government, that of a threat of the Duncan's and the May I, against a forty-five hundred
million, back in 1848, as you know, how much of the Bible of the communist party, at that
time, we got the position that part of the exercise to have a complete red dictatorship
of the world. He just told us that the United States of England, who are just as
as a bloody revolution of some sense, he just told us that part of the necessary to have
a bloody revolution in all of the rest of the world, that we could create a communist
dictatorship in the United States of England by any field of fighting, by a peaceful means
of your will.
I did have a first, as that occurred, no one nineteen forty in the United States of the
world, no one nineteen fourteen Mr. Duncan, Michael A. Lanham, real world, in effect,
real world, the Bible of the Soviet nation, forty-eight, that time, one of them felt that
while Marx was right in 1848, a condition that changed this and that there was no
makes in the United, that you could take over without a bloody revolution and Duncan,
you've heard the words, people have heard we've marked one online, we marked one online
and we marked the idea that they must create a communist dictatorship, modified by one
under the effect of that must be done by violence, by bloodshed in every nation under
the rule of the Soviet Union.
Senator Underwood's direction was the map to which you have been referring to, by any other
references to which you want to make to the map before you switch back in the Whitney's
chair, Senator Mataji. No idea if you think that's going to be the greatest
situation. I'd like to make a correct clear, Senator Duncan, but this map is just
in for the far from the England plate. This is the fifty-way from the Rockway, as I
said before, February 9, 1950, the time I made the wheeling piece, I found that many individuals
named here as party organizers and shamans, apparently were figureheads.
So, many ramifications of this, I expect me of no knowledge of what the other, for example,
I couldn't take or pick out any state of random, pick out, we'll stay watching them
in place. I would have no idea where the very topicals you have a headquarter for the
astronaut's group of operate problems. This is just a general rough picture with the
Duncan's, but the fifty-way from the Rockway was to give a picture of how through
all the way they have, how through and how organized the United States, how through all their
plans to take over a matter of the tremendous, significant formwork and conditions.
There are many people who think that we can move side by side to come. They think that maybe
as a 1951 or 1952, they're going to become people, or you say about that, Mr. Duncan, anyone
who has followed the Communistism seriously, given a remote point, and I'm going to add two
to that. There is no remote property of this war between today and the war, war between
the movement, no remote possibility of the ending, except by a victory or by death for this
civil rights. And then, including the Duncan's, I know I've lived from the coming of my friends
to Red Marine Tom. And if a titler set up, very clearly, he was named the Dominator of
Europe. There was always a federal and jokingly of the means for his plan. Well, they thought
later they ran later after a great deal of bloodshed and that of the structure and the
influence of the fact. And Mr. Duncan, the structure here is much longer, is much clearer,
is run from 1848, up till the eighth day of June, 1954, because the war was declared by
the government. We declared often, over by one, we declared a 1947 in the Italian football.
We declared it, because by one car in his book in 1932, and there's no indication of
it. It's too much to Duncan. They will have to keep up on Christmas. They will talk about
wanting peace and want to work with us. But it's only so that they can regroup their
fortune as they didn't plan as they will do throughout the world, unless until we win
it, they will probably make it for the long after. There was a book before you sit down.
I observed in various areas on that map, white spaces in which from one to several
names, two major several names are written. Are they the actual names of Senator McCarthy,
are communist, embarrassed levels of the communist organization in this country?
Yes, for example, let's bring you again to the state of Washington now.
This is not the case. Let's walk it up. Let's talk about it in a different day.
Let's take the table Montana. Just Montana. That Lucid Chairman,
the double top, definitely top. He was a communist party district chairman,
taking the free space to Colorado, New Mexico, the party organizer,
and we get very glad for this.
Here we have the chairman, the ad web,
Lucid, New Mexico, Wyoming, and Colorado,
this is 25, the 25 of our fellow men,
four top of five, 2691,
four 929, 17th, 16th, and a lot of our current families,
take the stuff down to the district that covers the ladder on part of California,
communist party district 940, March 3, 1701,
Pan-Fan-Futto, William Nighthvern, chairman,
Louis Todd Spectatory, well, Nighthvern Edwin,
and Victor Todd, and Austin, and Victor Delvett.
Take down on the state of Texas,
four top four, 85 Houston, Texas.
There they don't have the chairman, the party organizer.
Take down the state of Louisiana,
room 417,
guts are building, New Orleans, New Orleans,
Louisiana, building golf,
but no city hall will list.
I don't think there will be much time on that.
Over here, Mr. Jenkins, you'll find pretty likely individuals who are not assigned
to any specific district,
but who are assigned to specific staff.
Take a quick example, Mr. Jenkins.
We had before about five or six months ago,
I believe it was before the MFFF Committee performed its not before July,
the last year.
We had an individual who was present about the two where they fought favoritists.
Not ten years ago, not five years ago,
but even a month ago.
Building with firefoot walls and investments,
where they taught the groom squad how to throw the hands in the air,
how to an affectionate murder of an 18,
and that's in the executive testimony of the committee.
We have not made that public because we have an ask not to
make the address of the buildings,
or the testimony public,
so we have not provided available to any member of the committee who wants to meet.
Don't get your idea.
But I get your idea, Mr. Chairman, of the fact that there's nothing so ethical.
This is no theme at all.
As of today, as of today,
we can assume that those buildings,
which are keeping sabotage and murder,
as ever, they were from eight or nine months ago.
We can assume they're doing the same thing as of today.
Now, the privilege you feel is you have a claim
that the significance of that map and the various types of nations on it.
Incidentally, I think those definitions, whatever,
where the state of Tennessee is indicated to any main,
to any communist of any level,
being in that particular area,
that's right, Senator.
You'd like to get that in the record.
That's correct.
Then there's now two come down and have a seat on the Wittling Sand.
We are continuing with direct examination.
I'd like to share a little lighter screen for the...
...Venus that are very able to keep comfortable,
I think, to put it in the significance.
The communist party district of Alabama,
out of the British post office, brought 1891,
drumming here in Alabama,
famine, famine, haul,
like that they're ending bound,
handle the Tennessee area.
And, Nancy, and Mr. Dinkins,
I'm one of the types,
but you might want to discuss it for a minute.
No, I don't think so.
Don't think so. I'd like to have a seat.
Now, we will refer on all about the other types.
You can be sitting there for a year,
and I have a great business here,
but not for the two individuals,
if it's science, but it is.
I have a little teacher here,
and you have that map,
and you have a family,
as we did this to your testimony,
so that it is officially a part of your testimony.
Well, we're very glad to have a lot of them.
That's only a select number.
The greatest one-minute service.
I have to mention that.
The number of parties,
how do you regard the communist pickpick
to our government
as compared with other threats,
with 50-kitties from frontiers?
I evaluate that in a comparative sense.
If you will,
I think it's a scientific thing
for the American people to know
that there is a communist party in this nation.
There's no something about its organization,
it's set up.
There's no something about
this degree of danger,
of the existence of such an organization,
being able to mean
to the expectation of those conclusions.
That's certainly true,
and I'm answering your question with the gentleman.
I think I can both answer this one.
The American 1848,
that's one of the six years ago.
You could number the members of the communist
and stay with me on the fingers of both their hands.
There are many great little progressions
with number of important firms
until 1917 and 18.
The two of them organized
some parties that hold the context.
Then all of a sudden their membership,
I should look at a membership,
those under coming of domination
and space to 180 minutes.
Since 1917 and 1945,
that figure stayed rather fast.
It was 180 million.
In 1945 and 1952,
the figure suddenly jumped
to the 18900 million.
It keeps in mind that the entire world population,
according to the estimates,
we all have it around
two billion to three hundred minutes.
So we're getting very close to
some distance playoff
of one half of the world.
And keep in mind that they are winning.
They're not losing.
Since 1950,
January 1st, 1953,
it's true they haven't increased their membership.
I should say they haven't increased their domination
in the world, anybody except.
They have some examples in this kind of,
but neither have it,
it hasn't been decreased.
And it's a thing that
I think we must remember.
This is a war
with a brutalitarian force
as one so a greater extent.
The many brutalitarian force
has won a war in the history of the world before.
For example,
50 units,
which has been
in existence for two thousand years,
has not
converted,
converted nearly as many people
as the tongue of brutalitarianism
has enshrined
in one hundred and six years.
And they're not going to stop.
I know that many of my good friends
have been in this kind of a game.
We can fight.
As you can talk about communism
or something,
ten thousand miles away.
Mr. Jenkins answered your question.
Let me say it's right here with us now.
If we and less we
make sure that there's no end to the situation
of our government,
then jump to a certain age you're stuck there.
In the period of our lives,
you will see a red world.
There's no question about this, Jenkins.
And then I may have to say this,
but I see you look at your watch, man.
I have no discrimination to cut you off.
And if you make this statement,
I'm sure that everybody in this room
hates communism.
loves the army,
the United States of America.
It's about closing times.
The things you have to be
a month alarming and disturbing
to the people's discrimination that we all love.
I think that this time,
I'm saying to my credit before I begin
directly examining you
with the controversy.
And particularly with reference to your choices
of some of the McCarthy and your staff
against the army of the Secretary of the Army,
which no doubt cannot begin until in the morning.
But now,
why do you have an audience that's perhaps
20 or 30 million Americans?
I want to ask you to make one statement, Senator.
I'm not asking you to be here,
I'm just concerned about the balance of the time,
a lot of things that happen in the statements
to the American people,
telling them,
they've gone in all it can experience
of the communist party in the state of communism
and the United States of America.
I want you to,
I want you to tell a major to this person
or rather this request.
Not what Senator McCarthy and the members of the state can do.
Not what the Secretary of the Army and the members of the state
can do, I mean,
this to be the agency can do as an agency.
But what the individual America,
man, woman, child can do,
the fight,
the threat of communism
and to do their best to make today the communist party in this country.
I think the utilization of your crime and not respect
will do well with that.
Do you get my request?
You want to get my deal with,
I'm going to say,
good request,
rather unexpressive,
and I wish I had more time to think it over
but I will try and answer that.
Number one, the average Americans
in New Variable
in profile
of the Daging Communists,
just been our agents
out of our government in terms of.
They must depend upon those of us who might come down here
to man the watchtowers of the Navy.
They must depend upon us for that.
However, there is one very important thing that the American people can do,
and if I'm in your place.
I'm sure that you will recall Hitler's statement.
He said,
give me control of the reign of the youth.
I'm not sure if I told you for a bit,
but in the fact he said,
then I will let the firing of shots
and call any nation on earth.
That was his aim.
To teach not theism in the schools,
to make sure that
that only was taught to the youth of the nation.
Now, he learned that lesson well.
The Communists have learned that lesson well also since the day.
The thing that the American people can do is to
be vigilant day and night
to make sure they don't have time
to teaching the sons and daughters of America.
Now, I realize a few minutes,
anyone tries to get a Communist out of a college out of university.
They'll be raised before me,
trying to surrender to the academic freedom.
I would like to emphasize that there is no academic freedom
for a Communist's concerns.
He is not a free agent.
He has no freedom of thought,
no freedom of expertise.
He must take his orders from Moscow
or he will no longer be a member of the Communist Party.
I must say,
I don't care how much they steal the whole crack pot.
Any professor or teacher might be as long as he or she is a free agent.
But once, once you have this United States,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific,
covered with a network,
a network of professors and teachers
who are getting their orders from Moscow,
from an organization that wants to destroy this nation,
that wants to corrupt the minds of youth,
then Mr. Jenkins,
we are rapidly losing a battle.
So I would say this,
the thing the American people can do
is to watch what's going on,
but above all,
what they should be careful of
is not to go out half-cock
because you'll fight me for the exact question.
Not because they don't like,
but some teacher is teaching,
because they think you're too liberal,
because they think you're too radical.
Don't jump,
they can close me to communist.
But if they will keep,
a wide open idea of night,
and all of their schools,
all the colleges,
all the universities,
and when they get information,
which indicates that someone is actually a member
of the communist university,
send that into our FBI.
I think that is one thing they can do
that is more important
or not more of a thing.
I didn't intend to make a speech
if you asked me a question which was possible to me too.
One other thing,
a little bit,
about a minute or so,
I just wanted the American people to know
we're expecting a long time now
to know that they're something
that each of every individual
in this nation can do about it.
In addition to the very same,
you know, discharge of that responsibility.
And that's true, isn't it?
Yes, there's one other thing Mr. Jenkins,
which I think they can do.
And I will trust that sometimes,
just because I still believe
the question half answered.
One of them wants that
that he will control China,
and I can't put him in the prohibitive.
He will control China,
and the law of the nation will control the world.
Mr. Hoover testified about a year ago
or less than that,
but one of the communist aims
was to increase the shipment
to which way it would match
with China and China,
but it won't have a shipment of materials
to China in that area.
And this is not a demographic problem
or a Republican problem.
I think the American people should remember,
especially when we talk about the morale
of our armed forces,
but as of tonight,
there are a size of a number
of American uniform men,
being brainwashed
in communist bloodshade done.
This is not my word.
This is the word of our military
that was given as a figure.
September 10, 1953,
that said 900 uniform men,
two days later,
the communist said
we have 32 pair men,
sat down over a man,
sure he wants people to serve
as a president of war.
And I've heard of a situation
and I've heard a lot of people can do about this.
And again,
I'm excited to see not a Democrat
or a Republican matter.
I think the American people
that fall in the way,
you like to say,
Congress,
all the congressmen,
want to do the Senate,
regardless of how they're going to vote
Democrat or Republican,
that out to hundreds of Congressmen
says the military,
if we send you to Washington,
our unique,
continues,
sending American money,
to nation,
function turned,
shifting venues of economic
and military strength,
to red China, which is running the war,
in India, China,
keeping in mind that if we move in with China,
Mr. Jenkins,
we'll move to the Pacific,
and we'll be in Ireland,
and a communist thing,
and not all the two of the things
I could mention others,
but I'm afraid that it's going to take too long.
And Senator McCarthy,
two or three short questions,
I think perhaps,
with Dan and the members of the...